feat(instrumentation): remove default value for config in base instrumentation constructor (#4695)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/CHANGELOG.md

    * (internal) OTLPExporterBrowserBase: `RequestType` has been replaced by a `ResponseType` type-argument
    * (internal) OTLPExporterNodeBase: `ServiceRequest` has been replaced by a `ServiceResponse` type-argument
    * (internal) the `@opentelemetry/otlp-exporter-proto-base` package has been removed, and will from now on be deprecated in `npm`

> * fix(instrumentation)!: make config object required in base instrumentation [#4695](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4695): @blumamir

Reviewer: I think this is not making it required as much as providing a default value. User still doesn't have to provide a config object if they don't want to

Author: Updated the text 👍

> * fix(instrumentation)!: make config object required in base instrumentation [#4695](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4695): @blumamir

Author: ```suggestion
* fix(instrumentation)!: remove default value for config in base instrumentation constuctor [#4695](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4695): @blumamir
```

    * (internal) OTLPExporterBrowserBase: `RequestType` has been replaced by a `ResponseType` type-argument
    * (internal) OTLPExporterNodeBase: `ServiceRequest` has been replaced by a `ServiceResponse` type-argument
    * (internal) the `@opentelemetry/otlp-exporter-proto-base` package has been removed, and will from now on be deprecated in `npm`

>     * fix(instrumentation)!: remove default value for config in base instrumentation constuctor [#4695](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4695): @blumamir

Reviewer: This isn't a bugfix is it?

```suggestion
    * feat(instrumentation): add default value for config in base instrumentation constuctor [#4695](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4695): @blumamir
```

>     * fix(instrumentation)!: remove unused supportedVersions from Instrumentation interface [#4694](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4694) @blumamir

Reviewer 2: These entries should be dedented, right?

Also, I'm slightly confused, the PR title says "remove default value ...", but this entry says "add default value ..."

Author: Yes I committed @dyladan change suggestion [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4695#discussion_r1599033711). honestly, I don't mind what will be the exact text. will align it to the PR title.
